The Xiao family and the Lin family are two trash-like families
I also want to attend the Global Business Performance Summit
Who gave you the courage?
Wan Guohao, they are all my people
This is not giving me face
Xiao Lingqing, I'm looking at your grandfather's sake
I don't care about you
If you get involved in this again
You don't even think about attending the Global Business Performance Summit
Damn Ye Longyuan
The box of the Sinister Son of Heaven angered the foreign president
That angered us
It's really bad for our neighbor.
Oh, Mom, please say less.
So what do we do now?
President Wan said
From attending the Global Business Summit
big or small
What should he do now?
We also want to participate in the ball business meeting
You have to help us.
What does your matter have to do with me?
Don't look for me
I beg you.
I owe and am willing to accompany you
We promise you
Please help our neighbor
Even the young master refused to take action
Our Li family is completely doomed
Duganye Longyuan, this waste
If he hadn't sneaked into the Tianzi box
Angry President Wan
I won't get to this point today.
Tang Miaoyin
Do you know what you did tonight?